abscisic acid
abscission
absorption
acclimatization
achromatic
acid precipitation
acoelomate
acquired characteristic
actin
action potential
activation energy
active site
active transport
adapt
adaptation
adenosine
adenosine triphosphate
adenylate cyclase
aerobic
algae
alimentary/
allele
allergy
amino acid
amniote
amoeba
amphibian
analogue
anatomy
ancestor
antibody
appendage
aquatic
arboreal
artificial selection
asexual/
asexual reproduction
assimilation
atom
atrophy
auditory/
b cell
backbone
bacteria
bacteriophage
balance
barr body
barrier
basal body
benthic zone
bile
binary fission
biocatalysis/
biochemistry
biomass
biome
biomimetic
bipedal
bisect
blastocyst
blood
blood-brain barrier
botany
branch
breathe
carbohydrate
carbonate
carbon
carnivore
carnivorous/
catalyst
cavity
cell
cell biology
cell membrane
cell nucleus
cell theory
centroid
centrosome
chemical bond
chemical compound
chemical equilibrium
chemical kinetics/
chemical reaction
chemistry
chloride
chlorophyll
chloroplast
cholesterol
chromate
chromatic
chromosome
cilia/
classification
cohesive/
collagen/
common ancestor
communicable/
community
conservation biology
contraction
control
convolution
coronary
cryobiology
cyclic
cytosine
Dalton/
Darwin/
darwinian fitness/
deciduous/
decomposition
dehydration reaction
denaturation
dendrite
denitrification
deoxyribonucleic acid
deoxyribose
depolarization
dermis/
desmosome
develop/
dichotomous/
dietary
differentiation
diffusion
digestion
dinosaur
directional selection
discipline
displacement
disruptive selection
division
DNA
DNA replication
dominant/
dormant/
dynein
ecdysone
ecological efficiency
ecological niche
ecological pyramid
ecological succession
ecology
ecosystem
ecotype
ectoderm
ectoplasm
ectotherm
edema
effector cell
efferent/
egg
electric potential
electrochemical gradient
electromagnetic spectrum
electron
electron acceptor
electron carrier
electron donor
electron microscope
electron shell
electron transport chain
electronegativity
element
embryo
embryo sac
embryology
enantiomer
endangered/
endemic/
endemism
endergonic reaction
endocrine gland
endocrine system
endocytosis/
endoderm
endoskeleton
endothermic/
energy
entomology
environment
environmental biology
enzyme
epidemiology
epidermis
epigenetic
essential
estrogen
ethology
evolution
evolutionary biology
exocytosis/
exoskeleton
exothermic
extermination
external fertilization
extinct/
factor
feedback
fertilization
fetus
fibrillation
filament
first
fish
fission
fitness
flower
food chain
fossil
function
gamete
gaseous/
gastrin
gene
gene flow
gene pool
genetic drift
genetic variation
genetic
genome
genus
germ
gestation
gill
grafting
growth
guanine
habitat
hemoglobin
herbivore
heredity
hermaphrodite
heterogeneous/
hibernation
hierarchy
histology
homogeneous/
hormone
host
human
hybrid
hydrocarbon
immune response
immunity
immunogloblin
inclusion
incomplete dominance
incubate
individual
ingestion
inherited trait
inherited trait
inoculate
inquiry
insoluble
instinct
insulate
insulin
interbreed
interdependent
interferon
interleukin
internal fertilization
invertebrate
involuntary
ion
ionic bond
isolate
isomer
isotonic solution
isotope
juncture
kinesthesia
kingdom
krebs cycle
lacteal
lagging strand
larva
leukocyte
life cycle
ligament
linkage
linked gene
lipid
lipoprotein
living
luminescent
lymph
m phase
macroevolution
macromolecule
macronutrient
macrophage
malignant
mammal
mammalogy
marine
mass balance
mass density
mass number
mast cell
medulla
meiosis/
membrane
membrane potential
memory
Mendel/
metabolism
metaphase
microbiology
microscope
migration
mitosis/
molarity
mole
molecule
muscle
mutation
mutualism
mycology
natural
natural selection
nerve
neurobiology
neuron
nitrogen
nitrogenous/
nitrogenous base
nonliving/
nucleotide
nucleus
omnivorous/
oncology
optic
order
organism
organ
osmosis/
ossification
oviparous/
oxidation
parasite
parasitology
parasympathetic
pathobiology
pathogen
pathology
permeable
pharmacology
phospholipid
phosphorylation
photosynthesis/
physiology
phytopathology
plankton
plasma
platelet
pollen
pollution
population
portion
predator
preserve
pressure
producer
protein
protoplasm
pulmonary
pyramid
pyramidine
receptor
recessive
recycling
reflex
regeneration
regulate
replicate
repress
reproduction
reptile
residual
resource
respiration
restriction
rh factor
ribose
ribonucleic acid
RNA
root
scope
secrete
seed
sensor
sexual reproduction
solar
spatial
speciation
species/
specimen
stabilizing selection
starch
stimulus
stress
structural biology
structure
symbiosis
symmetry
synapse
synthetic biology
system
taste
taxonomy
tendril
terrestrial
thymine
tissue
tolerance
toxin
trait
transcription
transformation
transpiration
tundra
turgid/
unsaturated/
uracil/
vacuole
valence
valence band
valence bond theory
valence electron
valence shell
variation
ventilate
vertebrate
vestigial organ
viable
virology
virus
vital
vitamin
viviparous/
volume
voluntary/
waste
weather
white blood cell
wood
x chromosome
xanthophyll
y chromosome
zone
zoology
